[Music]
okay listen up
six riddles you have to solve to stay
alive unfortunately only a few of us
know exactly what to do in
life-threatening situations and that's a
bummer because knowing how to react if
your parachute doesn't open or a big
ferocious dog is about to attack you may
save your life one day that's why we
decided to check your instincts and
survival skills by putting together a
short test to see whether you would stay
alive in some dangerous situations
let's just hope you'll never face them
in real life here's question number one
there's a big brown bear just ahead of
you what do you do one what kind of
question is that I'd run for my life in
scream for help of course - I try to be
friend it may be showing that I'm not a
danger will convince it not to kill me
three i play dead and hope it doesn't
notice me for I'd shoot it I ain't
messing around now you have 15 seconds
to think about your answer and go
[Music]
have you already picked the right one
well time's up let's see how you did the
answer you definitely wouldn't be able
to run fast enough even if you're a
competitive sprinter a running brown
bear can reach speeds of 21 miles per
hour even the fastest man on earth Usain
Bolt clocks out at 23 miles per hour
which I guess means only he would choose
this answer now shooting it also isn't
an option just a last resort
and you better plan on having a powerful
gun and good aim otherwise you'll just
make the animal even madder
sorry hopeful bear whisperer but talking
to this animal and trying to get chummy
with it won't do a thing do I really
need to explain it's a wild animal it's
going to feel threatened no matter what
you do it doesn't understand language ok
I think that's enough reasoning so if
you decided to play dead congratulations
you're the one who'd most likely stay
alive just remember to curl up and put
your hands behind your head this way the
bear won't see you as a threat by the
way if you said smear honey all over the
guy next to you and run like hell well
we have to admire your creativity at
least but you're not much of a friend
question 2 you're outside during a
tornado and there's no shelter inside
what's your course of action what I'd
get in my car and drive as far away as
possible
- I'd crouch down in a nearby ditch 3
I'd climb a tree and rep my arms around
the branch for a tornado I'd be frozen
with fear standing there mouth ajar your
15 seconds start now think carefully and
sorry folks that's all the time you have
[Music]
the answer the right thing to do in this
situation would actually be to find a
stretch of open country hide in the
nearest ditch if you can find one and
cover your head with your clothes that
swirling funnel of death will pick you
out of a tree with no effort at all
believe me you're not strong enough to
hang on to that branch and getting into
your car is a no-no two tornadoes throw
debris everywhere so the likelihood that
your tornado escaping getaway will be on
smooth open road is slim to none
so how did you do tell us in the
comments section below
moving on to the next question question
three remember that big ferocious dog I
mentioned earlier
well it's standing right in front of you
eyes locked on yours
what would you do number one I'd scare
it away with loud noises and
arm-flailing make myself look bigger and
scarier you know number two I'd stay
still arms pinned to my sides probably
out of fear three screw this I'm bolting
out of there I might not be able to
outrun Smokey the Bear but little
scooby-doo here would be nothing number
four I'd scream for help at the top of
my lungs and 15 seconds on the clock
what in your opinion is the right thing
to do think it through
[Music]
okay let's find out what the answer is
the answer I know it's easier said than
done but the main thing here is to stay
cool calm and collect it and don't wet
your pants if you try to run away scream
or make any sudden movements the dog
will attack you instantly and yes
they're fast too so you don't want to
tick it off anymore just stand still
with your hands pinned to your sides and
do not move also as much as you probably
want to monitor this animals every move
avoid eye contact this way there's a
chance that everything will turn out in
your favor question 4 you're swimming in
the sea and suddenly realize there's a
shark coming right at you what's the
plan number 1 play dead if it works for
bears it probably works for sharks too
number 2 I'd be line for the shore and
pray that I swim faster than it does
number 3 I'd steer it right in the eye
and punch it in the nose if I have to
what can I say I'm the ultimate badass
number 4 I'd get around to its back and
hang on to its fin it can't get me if
I'm piggybacking it now that's a
hardcore situation isn't it here's your
15 seconds hmm
so many possible choices
[Music]
okay that's enough
time's up let's see if you were right
[Music]
the answer if you're badassery would
give clint eastwood a run for his money
then Congrats staring at the shark and
punching it in the nose is the right way
to go hear when a shark attacks it can
swim at almost 6 miles per hour so your
hopes of swimming faster have now
officially been killed sorry pinkie
backing a shark really trust me you're
not fast enough to get behind it and you
definitely won't be able to keep a grip
on its dorsal fin these things are fast
seriously and finally save your acting
skills for the Bears
a shark want miss out on a delicious
meal even if it's not moving so did you
pick the right answer if not don't worry
we have two more questions for you to
redeem yourself question 5
what should you do if your skydiving
from a plane
you're falling to the ground you'll pull
your parachute ripcord and it doesn't
open number one I guess I just tried to
find the softest place to land if you
know what I mean
hmm what else can you do number two I'd
curl up to protect my head and torso
this would probably help at least a
little bit number three I'd use the
reserve parachute of course for I try to
cling on to a fellow skydiver holy Star
Trek you're a Klingon 15 seconds on the
clock time starts now
man how do you get out of this one just
accept your fate and meet your maker all
right let's see what in the world we
should do in this skydiving nightmare
well I know what to do because it
happened to me four times the answer if
you pick number three then you're the
survivor good for you the other options
are off the table falling from such a
height even into the softest place and
all curled up like a shrimp would still
turn out as bad as you can imagine and
clinging to a fellow parachuter won't
cut it by the time you realize your
chute has an open when it needed to be
you have under 30 seconds before impact
with the ground your emergency parachute
is there for a reason so don't forget
about and yes in reality I've had four
parachute malfunctions and using my
reserve chute I survived nearly all of
them question six
you're stranded in the desert what's it
gonna be one I take off my clothes and
try to save as much water as I can - I
would not stop walking until I find
rescuers or a town or whatever is going
to save me
three I dig out a pit house of some sort
and wait for help for I'd only walk at
night and sleep in some sort of hiding
place during the day that Sun is way too
hot for me think it through
the clock's ticking down 15 seconds have
you made up your mind three two one
time's up the answer the correct option
is number four so if you picked it you
would most likely survive unlike all the
others who made the wrong choices you
see at night the temperature in the
desert is way lower than during the day
so trying to find the right path during
night is the only way for you to survive
a couple of days in this harsh
environment no matter how much you try
to save your water you'd still run out
of it because in the heat of the desert
you'd feel constant thirst walking
without stopping will exhaust you faster
than you think and definitely wouldn't
help since you have no idea where you're
going though and waiting for help
without doing anything is pointless as
well
no dugout would save you from the heat
so are you a survivor or not don't jump
pardon the pun to conclusions just yet
by the way don't forget you can also
check your logic skills with our other
tests see how much of a Sherlock you are
and try to solve the hardest crimes
anyway where were we oh right we're
about to put your survival skills to the
test once again with a bonus and super
hard question that only the smartest
ones can answer are you ready here it
goes
[Music]
bonus question
a wild tribe of some sort is about to
kill you the leader lets you say your
final words if you tell the truth
they'll burn you at the stake if you lie
they'll shoot you
how can you outsmart the tribe and
survive you have 30 seconds to solve
this one your time starts now
[Music]
and this one is really a doozy it looks
like you're pretty much out of luck and
three two one so do you have an answer
or are you completely lost I put myself
in the second group to be honest the
answer you should say that they will
shoot you this will confuse the tribe
because it isn't true if it were they
should burn you alive not shoot you nor
is it false see the trick here well I
don't know about you but I guess I'm not
bright enough to crack these type of
riddles I should probably also get
someone else to pack my parachute next
time so how many of these questions did
you get right tell us in the comment
section below don't forget to hit the
like button and test all your friends
and family by sharing this video there
are even more fun videos like this one
on our channel so be sure to join us on
the bright side of life
you